# whoami
I ask myself this daily. I'm just a curious cat with too much to learn and too little time in a day! Professionally, I've been an automation researcher focusing on self-adaptive systems for 3 years now. Previously worked on trustless automation for derivative markets on Ethereum, and I recently just finished my internship with [AIKOCorp](https://aikocorp.ai/) building tools for automated malware evasion, and will be joining them full time later this year! I also like to blurb about computational geometry, simulation tech, and ML sometimes. I probably have way too many curiosities to list, but the following take up most of my free mindshare:

 1. **Simulation Tech**: Simulators to me are one of the coolest, most forgotten-about peices of tech we have and use constantly today. Not just in research settings too, but our entire video game industry is powered by really well-made physics simulators we call "game engines". Personally, my experience with simulators comes from building parallel discrete event simulators, though haven't explored as much as I'd like to with hardware tailoring and performance maximization. This is somewhat why I've started [aika](https://github.com/FiberedSkies/aika), so I can experiment with different synchronization paradigms and hardware-specific designed like for edge device simulating. 
 1. **Algebraic Information Geometry**: Particularly interested in applications of deformation theory and Artin stacks in network theory. I got interested in this after seeing the work [NASA](https://ntrs.nasa.gov/api/citations/20220002277/downloads/AeroConf_2022___Sheaves_for_Routing_in_DTN%20--%202022-02-25.pdf) has done on the application of sheaves in network modelling, and exploring how [sheaf neural networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/2012.06333) are used to extend GCNs. Now, I'm more curious if one play off the success sheaves have found in these measurement applications by using Artin stacks to understand better how these measurements change as the underlying system deforms.
 2. **Multi-Scale Modeling**: I stumbled on Gwilliam's work using [factorization algebras](https://arxiv.org/abs/2310.06137) and deformation theory in EFT and it made me really curious about renormalization more broadly. Particularly curious in answering the question of renormalizability in complex systems outside of physics. I've been playing with sequences of Artin stacks for this since it seems to allow us to both frame the progressive filtrations and explore deformations over a space in a similar way to renormalization in EFT. 
 4. **Exploit Development**: I'm still very new to this, but I've been learning how to exploit kernel vulnerabilities for privilege escalation and persistence. I've only done one vulnerable driver attack so far for basic admin -> system escalation, but its clear how valuable these can be for rooting persistent malware too, so im hoping to get a working implementation soon of a vulnerable driver based attack for gaining peristent privileged access. For evasion curiosities, I'm starting to explore algebraic methods for polymorphism, this seems to be something that should be possible albeit finicky as heck.
 5. **Adversarial Machine Learning**: My main interest here is in exploring model RE. Model RE has a really interesting framing as a tomography problem that makes me suspect you can take a functional/signal based approach to reverse engineering here based on inputs/outputs. Still feeling my way around the basic tomography aspect first but I also think this suggest there is inherently a potential for geometric methods as well like clifford analysis.

## contact info

If any of these topics interest you or you want to have a chat, send me an email at [sushi@fibered.cat](mailto:sushi@fibered.cat)! For aiko related inquiries, send me a dm on twitter!
